FIX stateless tag default value for estimator. (#30925)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.utils/30925.fix.rst

> -  The output of :func:`StandardScaler()._get_tags()["stateless"]` is now default `False`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Fixed a bug in the backward compatibility code that converts the information
   from the newstyle public tag API to deprecated private `_get_tags()`
   method. :func:`BaseEstimator()._get_tags()["stateless"]` now defaults to `False`.
```
